Cheap and Dirty Pathing for Enemy Units:

Pathing normally involves a node map, and an algorithm for finding the best
path from one node to another. Since this game only involves enemies coming
down the map, the only real issue with pathing is to avoid units getting stuck
on the terrain.

So we just have a node map, each node having a score of how "close" it is to the
base south of the map, and this "closeness" is human determined beforehand, so
that there are always one or more path that will eventually lead to the human
base from each and every node. For each stage, there are nodes directly behind
each of the wall tiles, so that the enemies will eventually be led directly to
one of the wall tiles. If even one enemy manage to reach one of the nodes behind
a wall tile, your side lost. However, since enemy sprites are all as wide as 2
to 3 wall tiles, you are only at risk of losing if big holes are poked in your
defense.

This couples with the heuristics in each unit that determine how likely will the
closer node get chosen each time, and other heuristics like speed change around
adjacent units and clumping (units copy adjacent units next node), and the circular,
terrain ignoring motion of fliers, and you will get a rather organic looking swarm.

Your own units are commanded entirely by you. If hitting an obstacle, the unit will
stop. Do they need pathing?

Roamer:

Sprite: invader 1
Speed: 70 (just a bit slower than the hero)
HP: 40
ATK: 20
Spawn time: 1 on the map every 30 seconds, from a random portal
Heuristics: roam around the map with no fixed directions, will tend to gravitate
toward other Roamers, so that over time roamer packs who still fly randomly around
the map will emerge. Roamers have a very small tendency to slowly go south toward
your castle, but this tendency should be very subtle, so that you won't ever see
a roamer pack attacking your castle in the first 10 minutes of a typical scenario.
Roamers also only engages in battle for 2 seconds then break off (even if it takes
an extra hit), so that it can't be swarmed except by overwhelming numbers. This
unit is a flier and so will ignore terrain. The "flying" logic is implemented by
keeping an "focal position" of the unit, which follow the same cheap pathing logic
as every other units, but the "actual position" of the flier is calculated as
"maintain a radius around the next node that it is flying to, but this radius
changes randomly (say, from 30-300 pixels) every 5-15 seconds of flying"

Choker:

Sprite: invader 2
Speed: 40
HP: 60
ATK: 12
Spawn time: 4 every 60 sec from every portal. Spawn in groups of 4 so that they
are not easily swarmed.
Heuristics: clump into units when adjacent to each other, inexorably advance slowly
toward the human castle. Larger clumps will move slower (if there are adjacent units
speed, reduces by 5 for each surrounding units). This slows down large clumps but
if not dealt with they will eventually form mega-clumps when units from more portals
join.

Weakness: despite the sheer numbers of them, they are individually about as strong
as a soldier from your side, while having a big sprite and can be swarmed easier.

Crusher
Sprite: invader 3
Speed: 30
HP: 150
ATK: 23
Spawn time: 1 on the map every 1 minute, from a random portal
Heuristics: same as the Choker logic. The Crusher is a close combat monster, who
will need the hero to deal with effectively or by setting up choke points so that
2 to 3 human sprites can swarm them.

Stalker:

Sprite: invader 4
Speed: 60
HP: 120
ATK: 30
Spawn time: 1 on the map every 5 minutes, from a random portal
Heuristics: these are solitary (only because they are much rarer than the roamer)
random roamers, and follow the same roamer logic, except if it sees the hero, it
will home toward the hero with unflinching precision and will not let go. It will
not engage in combat with other units, when touching other units, it will engage
for only 2 seconds (the minimum). This unit is a flyer and will ignore terrain, so
that it can do the flying motion.

