Hero:

Sprite: guy in yellow shirt
Speed: 80
HP: 270
ATK: 36 (can do +- 5 later but no need for now)
Spawn time: N/A
Heuristics: N/A (until we get to the multiple hero giant maps gameplay)
Special: the hero is the only unit that recovers HP. Rate of recovery is 3 per sec.
Recovery starts only after the hero stands still for 10 secs.
Tuning: It should take 10-12 consecutive battles without rest against grunt units or
being swarmed by 5-6 grunts to kill the hero. The hero should win 3 consecutive
battles against the strongest enemy unit and barely survives being swarmed by 2
at a time.

Basic infantry:

Sprite: Recolor the ork sprites so that they look human or perhaps make the hero
an ork (a human looking greenskin) instead and write the orks into a cultured race
of peaceful fun-loving people who gets victimized by demons. It is, after all, a
lot easier to do good-sounding and yet funny voice acting for orks.
Speed: 40
HP: 60
ATK: 10
Spawn time: once every 8 sec
Tuning: tune the spawn time and reduce enemy spawn time or slower the enemy advances
by changing AI accordingly. The spawn time should be sufficiently fast to keep the
pace of the game high and to ensure that battle ends with a massive number of units
on screen, but should be also not too high, so that heroes have an incentive to not
roam too much and finish the stage early by killing the small numbers of enemies
at the start. Heroes who don't roam too much has the ability to command larger
blocks of troops.

Wall 1, 2, 3, 4, 5: These are actually just various crumbling stages of your wall
Sprites: Wall 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 all placed on top of each other so that Wall 1 (intact)
shows first. Walls are basically just static friendly units.
Speed: N/A (skip calculating position for all the wall sprites)
HP: Wall 1: 60, Wall 2 is double wall 1, wall 3 is triple wall 1, so on. This way,
each wall tile will actually have a durability score of 300.
ATK: 4 (since there are 5 wall tiles on top of each other in each position, the
actual attack power of the wall is 20 per tile, reducing as the tiles get damaged.
The wall attack with a fire animation)
